Fix ref in the docs (#410)
CarloLucibello/GraphNeuralNetworks.jl: docs/src/heterograph.md

  num_edges: Dict((:A, :to, :B) => 640, (:B, :to, :A) => 640)
  num_graphs: 32
```

> Batching is automatically performed by the [`DataLoader`](https://fluxml.ai/Flux.jl/previews/PR1786/data/dataloader/) iterator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Batching is automatically performed by the [`DataLoader`](https://fluxml.ai/Flux.jl/stable/data/mlutils/#MLUtils.DataLoader) iterator
```
